## Every #property is #contextual.
#Source : #Chat with #Friend Mahati 

So, what I consider as my weaknesses aren't an inherent property of mine. They're just a product of my interactions in the present environment (which I'm a part of, and which I have the freedom to change)

For #example, the intelligence of a person, the value of a friendship, the right action to take...
The intelligence, value, right-ness are properties
And one should always view them in a specific context, and let the answers be flexible.
Another (unrelated) thing I realized: 
I'm gonna stop wanting things. I have no idea what I don't #want. I've been acting as if everything that's in front of me is acceptable, and that there's nothing I'd say no to.
I've been too afraid of letting go, so I try to latch onto every single thing I know, and end up losing sight of the things that are really important. By acting as if I want everything in life, I doom myself to not achieve anything, and worse, not be able to genuinely want anything. It makes me lose confidence, which in turn reduces my desire to possess specific desires.
I want to live thousands of years and achieve everything I think I possibly can. And the fact that it's unlikely to happen really pains me. I gotta stop desiring as if I am an immortal
I don't think anything can really make us happy; all of it only temporary. So I'm gonna stop chasing emotions.
There's nothing I could do as a mortal to be satisfied, because there's just so much of unfulfilled potential
What I need is to make peace with it, and live. And do good.