## Today's lessons
1. The stoic man is the gentle man; forget beard/ **pleasure**. Women, men equal
2. Priorities - why does everyone prioritize their art equally as I do philosophy?
	- Set them right. Some ideological groups get into my homes, others don't . All are equally trivial
3. Confidence - I can only have it if I don't want more of stuff than I can do now, and am happy with progressing a little every day.
4. Take things seriously - Aishwarya suicide attempt
5. Knowledge I find is also required to make an impact.
6. Things I learnt today:
	1. Military guy
		1. Indian airforce
		2. Street people business
		3. Soch YT channel
		
Start giving up on things I want one by one.
It's okay to fail.
So many frequencies noise in my head - politics etc which I might not even make a diffference in..
People (such as fake gurus') mindsets can be judged to an extent.
Order of bullet points.
I'm communist i guess.
Thackeray, Gawli etc.
Sandman.
Pain is mine and I am its master.
Parties that have a tendency/will.
Getting kitten out of the house.
Arguments are emotion-based
let go of prioritizing crushes
diversity in views and dissent is good

after ssr death, i reslized the essence of captivation in mystery novels. No one understnads why.

Religion is adapted punishment.. Source: Ted talk  on moral roots of cons and libs
What is being said doesn't matter as lnog as most small statements make sense and are presented well
american capitalism could be a cult. Don't forget histpry and how it treats in hindsight

Does the art niche have an app to democratize directors, lyricists etc out of hands of media corporations?
How many markets would really have been free had govts not bailed them out/provided subsidies

Make a list about what's the most important thing about anyone/anything I care about. Mom: exhausted and needs a man. Anil sir: give up everything else. Morning code evening thesis.

never stop
see self as observer and doer

view partGrid file.

Individiual vs system. System fails but individual can do

Short-term work towards Terminal **goals** don't exist as a goal. (Like, wake up at 5 am will never be a goal). The want to do something doesn't transform into a real goal because it's always contestable. I can't make myself want something I previously wanted. Oh no. Want is changed externally, takes work. I need to want to change want, to change a want. Just wanting to want doesn't replace old want, because it's strong enough only temporarily.
College feels like spectacular failure, but failure is allowed. Who said it isn't

i'm always willing to stop, except when i have subconsciously _decided_ to do something (such as fm) Up for change, unless zid. Unstoppable unless nature itself demands. i was stuck wanting 'those' events - in college, childhood etc. which made me feel a certain way. 
