## Who the mind is
I feel it's both.
Like, desires are universal, but these particular desires (for example, that of understanding physics, or curing poverty etc) is conditioning, because these stem as potential answers to the problems in the current context..
What if we treat mental balance like a muscle, which is strengthened by challenging exercise (learning or creating stuff), good diet (consumption of information and art) and rest (period of regeneration).

As seen from this perspective, most people are living in imbalance, because they're doing one of these things much, much more than the other two

#Definition I think my mind is a collection of agents, each of them consuming input and generating some kind of output. Consciousness is just my ability to focus on a particular agent, and control/direct its output and input in a finer manner..
Let's treat every agent inside the mind as a black box algorithm. 

The indulgence agent sees a chocolate as input, and generates a desire to eat it, as output.

The goal-fulfilment agent takes the desire as input, as well as my memory (of the time I decided to improve my diet). It generates a desire to not eat chocolate as output.

The observer agent takes both these desires as input, and creates some logical statement as output. (eg. I should stick to my goals) 

The judgement agent takes all the above stuff as input, and outputs a final decision, which is transmitted to some other part of brain, which proceeds to fulfil that decision.

Consciousness just means I can give more value/priority/focus to a particular agent, i.e. Refine its input and output. Hence in the end, the judgement agent will get better input, and generate better output.
This is my definition of the mind. Also, the mind is constrained to a chemical body, which sends millions of messages, which the mental agents need to incorporate before making a decision. Maybe if we had a better-designed body, our decisions would be better.