Living acc to my #best nature
It includes going good for mom, and the people and animals who can really know and benefit.  It's not done to get something, but it's done as the right thing, the balanced thing. Instead of good and bad (or talking to people), which keep me in a loop
I know what I naturally want - now, real analysis.
'I' cannot force the 'mind'. I'm made up of minds.
Are minds a #GAN - left and right brain, discriminator and creator
What shorts my mind and makes it anxious in college that I want other things?
I start now, and it's nothing special, except the conversation I had with mom and masi
Nikku to buas (tareef), deep considers me a brother, and looking at me has undermined their faith in college

Hating feelings and good euphemisms of normal things ("spectrum")
Mom's been asking me to surrender, since a few days. #Surrender to nature, means accept yourself as a part in it.
Language etc - the consciousness that has developed, legitimacy institutions etc, they need to be changed - using my #app : storytelling to debate. Understand all aspects of seomthing and use it to reach logical concllusions
All types of suffering
If I'm not willing to face challenge to complete an objective, it's not a real want

I know how to make it fun - treatment for inability to choose a want and continue
The cost of not doing is much greater than opportunity cost of going on trivial-feeling plan. Don't hurry, give it its due. Think about it,
Listen to own parents' advice, they have great experience.  You have to ignore everything and fulfil it to succeed.
instead of nerfing myself, i'll help up myself
Work in pressure but crumble after getting time. Ironic? -Babaji 
Pankh chalaate rehna hoga,
most humans are **lying** (to others orr self), escaping from truth
bits taught me not hesitating
rational, jargon-free examining of the virtues of 'good-portrayed' elements of economics such as debt
I acted as if doing something wrong (such as not contacting sir) without thinking of consequence is no big deal.

Losing is ok. Being unprepared for #inevitable (thesis sub, LoR etc) is a wrong/ And it takes letting go of ego and other wants.
Money, grades etc are really helpful but no one can _really_ stop you regardless 
I should've done this from 3-1 at most, utilizing Anil sir. Last moment can give me a replica, but not an originally good thing. And Kundra doesn't do replicas.

pressure
hak