## Problems
My problem is blindness - Rupanshu on Stanford Linear Acc Center, Hari on Tray and Bhanu respecting Anil. That's when I realize I've been overlooking stuff
I'm gonna die for some time due to habits like these
ColdFusion - who controls our money and where it comes from - Central banks

ColdFusion
I reject society
How to self-reflect?

## Top 10 values
1. VR project - my own VS microsoft
2. Diary-making every day, to keep track of every personal rlation
3. New people
4. Being on the good side of public opinion
5. existential war, non-self damage, acceptance of everything nature - mine and others - and observing and explaining, being content and good itself, death and oblivion
6. Start writing on weekends etc.

Inability to assess myself and do what I think/feel is right. This feeling is very pervasive
Girls - lite, I don't want the.
The one with the secondary pov/want, one that can be less prioritized than a side guy if girl is an MC than vice versa
Inability/lack of enthusiasm towards working on major desires- quantum comp and math physics, VR, college improvement < Facebook addiction

Capacity for emotions like empathy etc (for colonies - land or debt), or ensalved animals, or strength of friendship or social attidude doesn't decrease with time. It just means that what's being generated in the mind with the input (or the lack thereof) in the present isn't the same as earlier, but that's super temporary/changeable

The **meaning** of money changes for the rich.

Quantum, AI races - trillions' in worth, and I'm missing out
Flute 3D

These changes are what will change our world, and art etc are secondary

### Things, one of which to do before dying will be good: 
- Resource Based econ
	- Democracy online, no middlemen
	- Free prisons, and take drastic measures to stop profiting from war, crisis etc because it's the oldest way of the rich to stay in power, in a different world from the poor
	- Veganism
	- Monetary and legal reforms such that the system is by definition and design, more equal and less susceptible
	- Good way of knowledge definition, preservation and spread - to let the masses know

Quantum computing, AI + semantics, compu physics, bio/neuro/game/algo

Study the history if the field. Economics, graphics etc.

I play as fate. Occupy people, water etc. I'm the environment containing the enemy in his dream, to play him, but I'm more. #Source Shadow of War

wraith world  is overlayed with normal world, not enhanced. So are the threads of destiny.
#Source Sandman, Joker game. Endings based on which body part you decapacitate/hit. 
wraith enemies you've killed will hurt you, but you can't hurt them. So take them away from wjhere you want the boss to be, because they will attack you while you attack this boss: #Source Sekiro

Intelligence: people who haven't achieved traditional goals could be intelligent and want different things, such as I wanted to discover best goal - a feat which doesn't really require accomplishing them over thinking, in my definition (which may be an unintelligent one, but one that I want)

If villains like Sauron got positive attention of Vala?
Tolkien worldbuilding only seems good now.

safety vs infighting - vampires etc

